This directory contains the mathematics to support cryptography, but no crypto-specific code.

There are several generations of code produced in building the final Javascript files.  First,
make-mul.coffee builds mul.coffee.  Then specialize-mul.coffee takes mul.coffee as input and
builds mul-26-bit.coffee, mul-28-bit.coffee and mul-30-bit.coffee.  Another group of coffee files
are generated from long.coffee by specialize-long.coffee: long-26-bit.coffee, long-28-bit.coffee
and long-30-bit.coffee.  After that, all of the coffee files are complied to Javascript.


Source Files

long.coffee

Defines the Long type, an unlimited-precision integer.

make-mul.coffee

Generates mul.coffee from mul-prefix.coffee.

mul-prefix.coffee

Prefix to generated mul.coffee.

primes.coffee

Defines Primes, an abstraction of the set of primes.  Also defines two primality tests and
implements a modestly fast algorithm for finding large primes.

ring.coffee

Defines a finite commutative ring (quotient rings of the integers).  The rings use both Barrett
and Montgomery reduction to speed the power function.

specialize-long.coffee

Specializes long.coffee for Longs with digits of 26, 28, and 30 bits.

specialize-mul.coffee

Specializes mul.coffee for Longs with digits of 26, 28, and 30 bits.


Generated Files

*.js

These are generated from the respective *.coffee files.

long-*-bit.coffee

Generated from long.coffee by specialize-long.coffee.

mul.coffee

Generated by make-mul.coffee using mul-prefix.coffee as a base.

mul-*-bit.coffee

Generated from mul.coffee by specialize-mul.coffee.